laughing friends of the year people
that's nice but I think they shouldn't
be in the middle of the road I'm gonna
make sure you don't lose your eyesight
and show you that beautiful ocean one
more time if he actually does I will
slap myself I'm going E is that
seriously Joey's game face you sure you
want to do this if you lose you give up
your only star chip that's right and I
guess I should think about what kind of
field my cards are best suited for then
mostly monsters and fighter types there
is no such thing as a fighter type guess
that makes this meadow region my kind of
turf
why does a fighting Monster do well in a
meadow that doesn't make sense
that would be like if Arnold
Schwarzenegger got power from blowing
bubbles and skipping happily down a
meadow my is apparently a scarecrow
this guy's shirt taker taya's whispering
face you challenge me do you have the
guts to accept get it I want to play you
kid what's with the slow 1980s
pornography music and considering that
you wouldn't even be here if you hadn't
given you one of his chips you've got to
be the weakest duelist on the island
actually all that means is that he
wasn't invited do you have to be so
insulting she was being truthful
mais ruthless don't duel her first don't
you get it if you lose this contest
you're out for good yeah Joey you have
only one chance and you have your sister
site riding on this tournament so no
pressure anything on my field your field
the field belongs to the people anything
to avoid real work hot cars turbocharged
four living lines
yeah and among those is a globe whatever
the that is and a penguin wearing a
director's hat
that's why you want the prize money ah
selfish the Joey asked my that just so
he can shoot her down at the end and the
best card would be the harpy's lady it's
actually harpie lady not harpy's lady
Joey attacks with a monster rise unless
attack that harpie lady again that
applies to Pokemon and DDC have a
magical resistance against monsters that
can only walk on the earth yeah they're
called wings but he attacked too soon
before he thought about what her monster
was capable of it's capable of bursting
my eardrums Tiger power bonus should
raise its attack power so it can take on
the harpy's lady at the head
you're not thinking it's still resistant
to magic really earlier you said I have
a magical resistance against monsters
that can only walk on the earth
you never said they were resistant to
magic it'll take stronger monsters than
your land-based wimps to beat my harpy's
lady again with this Harvey's lady thing
now I'll play this lovely card without
even looking I'll give you a hint it's
an equipment magic card that will help
me defeat your next card in one - oh
yeah well that narrows it down also I
put a card facedown I'll give you a hint
it's a monster well let me show you my
surprise cyber shield to juice up my
harpy's lady my has ESP it has to be a
I'm gonna lose this duel match look Joey
it's either dual or match you're
brainless cheerleading isn't going to
help him against the superior power of
my harpy ladies wow my actually said
harpy lady taya's face
don't listen to her Joey we're here to
help you just like you're always there
for us wha
trust me on this she's just trying to
divide and conquer a strategy that's
been used for centuries believe me I
know when you get that look in your eye
I believe everything you say
wow that is a very bad personality treat
flashback good car Joey baby dragon yep
destroy her with the defense position
monster your grand plan I only wish it
was worth some more so when I devastate
you it would do more damage to your Life
Points okay two things first it's in
defense mode so if you attack nothing
will happen
second if it was worth more it would do
less damage not more harpie lady one two
three
harpy's lady one two and three I know
what I must do
and I'm going to keep using the magic of
elegant egotist to double my harpies
again and again each turn of course
you'll soon be up against an army an
army of harvest not a heck do I fight an
army oh it's okay Joey the biggest army
she can have is five
wait don't you
Joey has two cards in his hand when
earlier he had four how come she didn't
notice that instantly time's running out
for you and your ladies that noise
sushi